README.md, before:

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tegin/medical-fhir/branch/13.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tegin/medical-fhir)

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# Medical Fhir repository

Modules following HL7 Fhir methodology

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[medical_administration](medical_administration/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical administration base module
[medical_administration_encounter](medical_administration_encounter/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Add Encounter concept
[medical_administration_encounter_careplan](medical_administration_encounter_careplan/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Joins careplans and encounters
[medical_administration_location](medical_administration_location/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Location
[medical_administration_location_stock](medical_administration_location_stock/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical administration location with stock
[medical_administration_practitioner](medical_administration_practitioner/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Practitioner
[medical_administration_practitioner_specialty](medical_administration_practitioner_specialty/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Practitioner Specialty
[medical_base](medical_base/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Base
[medical_certify](medical_certify/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Certify medical entities
[medical_clinical](medical_clinical/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical clinical
[medical_clinical_careplan](medical_clinical_careplan/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical care plan
[medical_clinical_procedure](medical_clinical_procedure/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Procedures and Procedure requests
[medical_clinical_request_group](medical_clinical_request_group/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical request group
[medical_diagnostic_report](medical_diagnostic_report/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Allows to create reports for patients
[medical_financial](medical_financial/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical financial
[medical_financial_coverage](medical_financial_coverage/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Add Coverage concept
[medical_medication](medical_medication/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical medication base
[medical_medication_request](medical_medication_request/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical medication request and administration
[medical_terminology](medical_terminology/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical terminology base
[medical_terminology_atc](medical_terminology_atc/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical codification base
[medical_terminology_sct](medical_terminology_sct/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical codification base
[medical_workflow](medical_workflow/) | 13.0.1.0.1 |  | Medical workflow base

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

[ADD] medical_diagnostic_report_graph: create a graph inside the report

README.md, after:

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tegin/medical-fhir/branch/13.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tegin/medical-fhir)

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# Medical Fhir repository

Modules following HL7 Fhir methodology

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[medical_administration](medical_administration/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical administration base module
[medical_administration_encounter](medical_administration_encounter/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Add Encounter concept
[medical_administration_encounter_careplan](medical_administration_encounter_careplan/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Joins careplans and encounters
[medical_administration_location](medical_administration_location/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Location
[medical_administration_location_stock](medical_administration_location_stock/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical administration location with stock
[medical_administration_practitioner](medical_administration_practitioner/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Practitioner
[medical_administration_practitioner_specialty](medical_administration_practitioner_specialty/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Administration Practitioner Specialty
[medical_base](medical_base/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Base
[medical_certify](medical_certify/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Certify medical entities
[medical_clinical](medical_clinical/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical clinical
[medical_clinical_careplan](medical_clinical_careplan/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical care plan
[medical_clinical_procedure](medical_clinical_procedure/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical Procedures and Procedure requests
[medical_clinical_request_group](medical_clinical_request_group/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical request group
[medical_diagnostic_report](medical_diagnostic_report/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Allows to create reports for patients
[medical_diagnostic_report_graph](medical_diagnostic_report_graph/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | This addons enables to add a graph to the medical diagnostic report
[medical_financial](medical_financial/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical financial
[medical_financial_coverage](medical_financial_coverage/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Add Coverage concept
[medical_medication](medical_medication/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical medication base
[medical_medication_request](medical_medication_request/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical medication request and administration
[medical_terminology](medical_terminology/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical terminology base
[medical_terminology_atc](medical_terminology_atc/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical codification base
[medical_terminology_sct](medical_terminology_sct/) | 13.0.1.0.0 |  | Medical codification base
[medical_workflow](medical_workflow/) | 13.0.1.0.1 |  | Medical workflow base

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
