medical_imaging_study/README.rst, before:

=====================
Medical Imaging Study
=====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-tegin%2Fmedical--fhir-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/tree/13.0/medical_imaging_study
    :alt: tegin/medical-fhir

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This addon enables to import imaging studies

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_imaging_study%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `tegin/medical-fhir <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/tree/13.0/medical_imaging_study>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] medical_imaging_study: add usage

medical_imaging_study/README.rst, after:

=====================
Medical Imaging Study
=====================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-tegin%2Fmedical--fhir-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/tree/13.0/medical_imaging_study
    :alt: tegin/medical-fhir

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This addon enables to import imaging studies and series.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

#. Go to "Medical" -> "Configuration" -> "Medical Imaging Storage" and create an storage.
#. Go to "Medical" -> "Configuration" -> "Medical Imaging Endpoint", create an endpoint and complete the fields.
#. Go to "Medical" -> "Clinical" -> "Medical Imaging import Data", write the study uid and select its corresponding storage.  Click "Import Imaging Study".
#. After importing it, you can find it at "Medical" -> "Clinical" -> "Imaging Studies". You can also update study data with "Update data" button.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/issues/new?body=module:%20medical_imaging_study%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Creu Blanca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is part of the `tegin/medical-fhir <https://github.com/tegin/medical-fhir/tree/13.0/medical_imaging_study>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute.
